So here you can see my cluster has been created.
So let me go inside this cluster and see its configuration.
Now you can see its status is active,  registered container instances 2.
So it means that there are 2 instances has been configured for this cluster or in simple words we
can say there are 2 instances in which we can run our containers under service tab.
There is nothing because it's a newly created cluster.
Also, same as for task, there is nothing.
Let me click on ECS instances.
So here you can see 2 instances showing and both the instances are running in separate subnets and
it is in active.
You can also cross-check from the EC2 service here.
You can see it is showing here as well.
And these are my instances and let me choose anyone.
Now you can see this is the private IP address and there is no public IP because we have created the
instance in the private subnet.
That's why it doesn't have the public IP address.
So this is one thing.
Let me go back to my this figure.
So what we have done so we have created the VPC and while creating the VPC, we have chosen 2 private
and 2 public.
Now, at the time of creation of cluster, we have chosen the EC2 Linux type.
And at that time we have chosen 2 instances and also we have chosen only the private subnet.
So in result, what happened 2 instances has been created and both the instances are running in private
subnet.
One instance is running in this private subnet and another instance is running into another subnet.
And if you want to log into this private subnet instances, so first you have to create one instance
in your public subnet and you can log into that instance and from that you can log into your private
subnet.
No worries.
I will show you practically.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.